Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 5]
What is it?
Joon! What brings you here?
Joon, why did you do that?
Am I that much of a joke to you?
Don't my words mean anything to you?
What? You're born again?
You want me to believe
that you've changed?
What a joke.
You haven't changed one bit.
A rude jerk to the bone,
third generation rich guy.
A piece of crap third generation bum!
I don't want to see you ever again.
I have seven million won
left to give you.
[Mom]
Mom, you no longer have a daughter.
I don't have a mom either,
so don't call me.
Sorry, Mom needed it so urgently
that I had no choice.
Even if you really needed it...
You don't know him,
so why would you accept it?
You should know him before
you just take the money.
Why wouldn't I know him?
I've seen the young man
downstairs for years.
That means I know him somewhat.
Wait, Mom...
Who are you talking about?
Was it you?
That 10 million won...
did you give it to her?
Since you brought it up...
does he possibly like you?
He never moves away.
It seems odd that
he's stayed there for years.
Kwon Jae Hoon gave it to her?
That 10 million won?
Yes, I gave it to her.
I gave her that 10 million won, okay?
Why would you?
- Just because.
- Just because?
Yes, just because.
I was worried, okay?
He was worried about me?
Was it possible that...
you were really worried
about my request, right?
What?
Wow! You truly are my friend.
I didn't even know
and tried all sorts of things.
What is that 10 million won
that it is so hard to get?
You know, Jae Hoon?
You really are the best.
Thank you so much. Really, my friend.
I'll make sure to pay you back
for that 10 million won.
- How?
- Huh?
You got kicked out of your house and
your mom, Se Na, and brother cut you off.
They've been ordered by the CEO
to completely keep you cut off.
How will you manage
to pay off that 10 million won?
I will worry about that, my friend.
No matter what I have to do,
I just need to pay you back, right?
- Oh yeah?
- Yes, of course.
Then pay me within the month.
Okay.
Within the month? That quickly?
If you can't pay me back,
I'll charge you interest for late days.
What? Interest?
- Did you say interest?
- Yes, interest.
You stingy jerk!
Hey, did Joon hear all that?
Didn't she just say "stingy jerk"?
You should pay living expenses too.
For electricity and water too.
Also, you have to pay half the rent.
Why are you suddenly being this way,
like a stingy jerk?
Because I am a stingy jerk.
I'm going to take all the payments,
so know that.
What is this?
Yeah, I thought so.
Kwon Jae Hoon is so selfish.
He would never do something for me.
Interest? What a stingy jerk!
My goodness.
Just endure it even if
you want to spend money.
It's not that I want to spend it.
You have to show that you are reflecting.
Then I have cause to go persuade Father.
I told you I like someone,
so Woo Sung...
I know.
I know. It's very hard, right?
You used to spend tens of million of
won a night, so you must be dying now.
Here's some allowance for you.
I have a lunch appointment,
so I'll get going.
Be good. See you next time.
This isn't it.
I used to spend
tens of millions of won a night.
I didn't know it was
so much money back then.
When will I repay all that money?
Go to work at 4:30 a.m.?
Does that make sense?
What is this?
There are so many people
awake at this hour.
Oh, hello.
All right, five people!
Okay! One, two, three...
Hey, be careful.
Four, and five.
That's all. Get going!
Go!
Three people here!
- Me, me!
- I will go!
What is this place?
Is this really the Seoul
I've been living in?
Joon... Joon!
Where is Joon?
Hey, what's your specialty?
What's your skill?
- I don't have anything like that.
- Ah, just miscellaneous?
No, I'm here to find my girlfriend.
Girl? Why? Did she cheat on you?
Or did she take your money?
It's not like that.
Oh, she got sold off.
What? Sold off?
There are many people like you.
All right, five people!
- Me, me!
- Me, me, me!
One, two, three, four...
Hurry, hurry, hurry.
Joon, over here.
Hello.
- I heard about the job. Where is it?
- Huh?
Mister Kim is talking to the manager.
Even if the daily pay is not high,
we want to do something stable.
It should be about five months.
Yes, so about five months straight.
Hey, what are you doing here?
Joon, you can't.
Don't get in there.
What are you saying,
showing up so suddenly?
I can't let you be sold.
I won't ever allow it.
Hey, what are you doing?
Let me go! Let go!
What's so important about 10 million won?
Don't do this. Don't do it.
Don't ruin your life like this!
Move! Get away from me.
I'll repay it. I'll pay it back for you.
So, Joon... Joon...
What are you two doing?
Are you two filming a movie?
What's the genre? Romance or comedy?
Can't you tell? It's romance.
What are you doing?
What are you talking about?
- You weren't getting sold off?
- Sold?
To whom? Where to? Why?
- This man over there said...
- Cut.
This isn't romance. It's a documentary.
Catch the girlfriend
who's being sold off.
What is this, so early in the morning?
Gosh.
Take me too if you're going.
Where do you think you're going?
Wherever you're going,
I'm going if you're going.
You'll regret it.
There's no such thing as regret
if I'm with you.
This works out since
we were short a member.
No, Madam Ahn.
Hey, now. What do you mean, no?
What do you mean though, Madam Ahn?
We were short one person.
The company wanted five people.
Oh, is that right? That's great.
Three, four, and five including me.
Get out while I'm being nice.
Don't be like that
and let's take him with us, Joon.
No, I got fired from the hotel and
the construction site because of him.
We shouldn't get mixed up with him.
You all saw how I got
kicked out in the nude, right?
I need money. I have to earn on my own.
Please take me.
I told you to get out now.
I said I'm going to go.
Why don't we take a vote, then?
- I say yes.
- Mister Kim!
- Me too.
- Madam Ahn!
- Me too!
That's four votes of "yes".
A "no" wouldn't matter.
That's done.
- Hey!
- Let's go, driver.
Where are we going and what's the job?
Building cleaning.
Building cleaning? Where?
Why here of all places?
Yes, it's here of all places.
We ended up at
a better place than I imagined.
Why? Why? How? For what reason?
We came here through an agency.
We just went where they told us to.
How can that be?
Is this some sort of job fraud?
What? You can't do it?
When did I say I can't do it?
I was just a slightly taken aback
because it's my father's company.
Then how come you can't go in
and you're standing there?
I don't know, Joon.
Why am I like this?
Joon, why am I acting like this?
My name is Kwon Jae Hoon.
Let's work well together.
Welcome.
Move into Strategic Planning today.
- Thank you.
- It's nothing.
I promised you that.
In return, I need to know what
Managing Director Seol is up to.
You understand what I mean, right?
Let's work well together,
Director Seol.
All right, then.
Let's work, everyone.
Goodbye, Director Seol.
- Did he get in through connections?
- Yes, he did.
- He has connections.
- Yes.
What about Section Chief Yang?
What are you going to say?
What is there to say?
What are you doing?
Hurry up and come on out.
This isn't right.
Do I have to wear this?
Why? Are you embarrassed?
I'm not embarrassed.
What if someone recognizes me?
I was someone who took photos
in front of the prosecutor's office.
I am my father's son.
Should we make a bet?
I bet you 10,000 won
that no one recognizes you.
Really.
Wait up.
You see. He recognized me right away.
Yes, it is me.
How unlikely for
a young punk to do this job.
You don't have any sort of
physical defects, do you?
Of course not. He is very fit.
I won't say this twice,
so everyone focus and listen.
Get here on time and
if any rascal doesn't work their hours
they'll get demerit points and
it'll affect the next contract.
So, don't complain later.
You'll be in charge of
floors 7, 8, 9, and 10.
Clean the offices, restrooms,
hallways, and so on.
You must take care of it all,
especially the 8th floor men's restroom.
The third stall toilet
clogs easily and overflows
if you don't see to it promptly.
That's all!
What are you doing?
Why aren't you all
running along to go work?
Excuse me, could you be
careful with your words?
We are employees who provide labor
and get paid fairly for our work.
Using words like "punk"
or "rascal" to describe us...
I would appreciate it
if you refrained from that.
What's with this crazy wench?
I'm not crazy or a wench.
My name is Baek Joon and
I'm this group's team leader.
So, please refer to me as
Team Leader Baek Joon.
That would work for me.
So, we are in charge of
floors 7, 8, 9, and 10.
Let's gather our strength
and go work today.
Let's go!
That... that...
Excuse me.
Do you really not know who I am?
Who are you!
That man probably never watches the news.
Anyone who is cultured and knows
current events would know me, right?
Yes, yes. Sure.
Excuse me!
Yes?
See? Finally, someone recognizes me.
Yes, it's me.
You see these empty cups
in this potted plant?
Please clean them up.
Yes, we will.
- Excuse me.
- Yes?
Someone spilled coffee by the elevator.
Can you clean it up?
We'll take care of it soon.
What is this?
How come no one recognizes me?
It's like we're in the same place,
but I'm in a different dimension.
They are not aware of me.
Once you put on this uniform,
your face disappears.
To put it simply,
it's like an invisibility cloak.
An invisibility cloak?
Why are you acting
as if you never did it?
Follow me.
Now that I was in a different position,
I started to see it.
It wasn't so obvious.
But the discriminatory way people
looked at you definitely existed.
Everyone, come over here. Come here.
All right.
Oh no. You can stay seated.
Hey, that's funny.
- Is that you?
- It is.
- It's Manager Kim, right?
- Yes, it is.
- How insane.
- What's with you, Manager Kim?
- Who did this?
- It was Sang Hyun.
Only a person being discriminated against
could know this strange alienation.
It is you, Joon.
Hello.
I thought I was mistaken at first.
You were selling smoothies before.
When did you switch to cleaning?
I know. It just worked out that way.
Things aren't hard for you?
No, what isn't hard in this world?
We just hold on and do it.
Don't worry too much.
I'm living very well.
All right.
I should get back to work.
Manager Baek.
I'm sorry I could not protect you.
I'm sorry.
Oh, what is this? Oh!
What do I do?
Joon, there's big trouble!
Big trouble! It's an emergency!
An emergency!
Joon... Joon!
Oh, this is insane. What do I do?
- Joon, Joon!
- The pizza is good.
- Yes.
- There are so many people though.
- It's so good.
- Oh, really?
I should go.
What is this smell in here?
It smells like sesame oil.
How insane.
Someone must be eating kimbap in here.
Wasn't she delivering smoothies
a little while ago?
Yes, what's she doing here?
I don't know.
Isn't cleaning restrooms a bit too much?
It must pay more.
Hey! Why are you in the women's restroom?
Are you really a pervert?
No, no, no.
I had a reason for coming, Joon.
Reason? What reason is that?
This is the problematic toilet
in the third stall?
What should I do?
Should I bring in a professional?
How about Mister Kim or Mister Lee?
- 100,000 won.
- 100,000 won?
For what?
I'll do this for you,
so subtract 100,000 won for me.
Subtract 100,000 won? What do you mean?
I already paid back 3 million won
of the 10 million won.
You owe me 5 million won
for the escape from the hotel.
Subtract 100,000 won from the
remaining 2 million won I owe.
You can do this yourself?
I'm going in.
The sound of that flush.
Did you see that?
Push, pop, push, pop, push, push, pop.
Then pop!
You don't need to be good at this.
It just makes my heart ache.
Is there anything else
I can help you with?
Bye, everyone. Goodbye!
Get home safe, everyone. Goodbye.
- Good work.
- Good work, everyone.
Good job, everyone.
Bye. Good job.
- Goodbye.
- Good work.
Good job.
- Good job.
- Manager.
See you tomorrow. Thank you.
Thanks.
He's so petty.
So, how was work?
I think it's actually much better here.
It's a hundred and
a thousand times better.
Joon.
Are you really okay?
It's all thanks to Joon.
Are you truly all right?
What I do is not what's important.
Isn't it how I live that's important?
How you live is more important?
It's up to the individual to
find confidence in what they do.
You pretended to be
so strong in your words.
Honestly... it's hard
for you too, isn't it?
He likes you.
Likes me? Who?
That third generation rich punk.
Who does he like?
You, of course.
Ha Yeon Hee,
just eat your spicy rice cakes.
I'm telling you I'm right.
[DF Ver] E05 Revolutionary Love
-= Ruo Xi =-
It doesn't make sense, otherwise.
He's the third generation son
of Gangsu Group.
Why would he be doing a job cleaning?
Especially at his company,
near his dad, at that.
I told you that he got kicked out
without any money.
He needs to earn money.
No, it's because he likes you.
I told you that's not why.
Even turning himself into the prosecutor.
That's because he did something wrong.
Then, what about the 10 million won?
Well, that's...
He must've felt sorry for me
since he's on an elite level.
"Joon made me into a human being."
You had to see to the look
in his eye at that moment.
I'm going to eat it all if you don't.
That's total nonsense.
It does make sense.
By the way...
how is that arrogant jerk
Kwon Jae Hoon doing lately?
He's taking great care
of himself, of course.
He's in the
Strategic Planning department.
Really?
I guess he's pretty talented.
Well, he seems
to work himself to death.
He would feel very wronged
if he didn't succeed.
Right, Joon?
I guess so.
What is it? Is something going on?
Oh, no. Nothing really.
What do you have to do to
eat in your company's cafeteria?
You need a meal ticket.
A meal ticket?
Where do you get that?
There's a machine that sells them
in front of the cafeteria.
Oh, really? It's that simple.
Why are you suddenly asking?
It's nothing really.
Get to work.
Hey, are those my clothes?
Hey!
Hey, you...
Don't use the third stall in the
8th floor restroom if you don't need to.
What's he saying?
What is this? How does this work?
- What are you doing?
- Pardon?
I was trying to buy this.
How does it work?
What is this? Why isn't it coming out?
Of course it wouldn't come out.
We're not employees here.
What is that?
We work in this building too.
We are contracted employees.
We don't work for Gangsu Group.
So, only Gangsu Group employees
can eat in the cafeteria.
Only people with a Gangsu Group
ID can buy the meal tickets.
Understand, Young Master?
Oh...
[Kwon Jae Hoon]
What are you doing?
What are you doing
with my employee ID?
What would I do with it?
I was just looking at it.
I was curious about what an
employee ID looked like and envied you.
Are you satisfied?
I'm so thirsty.
What are you doing?
Nothing, Jae Hoon. Good night.
Aren't you going to sleep?
Yes.
I just wanted some water, Jae Hoon.
What the heck are you planning to do?
Kwon Jae Hoon!
Are you going to work?
What about Hyuk?
Why do you need Hyuk?
Didn't you know?
We've been going to
work together, cleaning.
You're even cleaning now?
Why do you insist on doing hard jobs?
Why not just stick to
delivering those smoothies?
I couldn't meet the sales quotas
and I got fired.
You ignored me when I needed sales,
so what is this now?
Stop being stubborn
and get a stable job.
Should I look into it for you?
- Stop. That's enough.
- Baek Joon.
Whatever the case, thank you.
For the money you gave to my mom...
Even if Hyuk asked you,
that's a lot of money.
You're not usually one to do that.
It's not like Hyuk's in
a position to pay you back now.
He'll probably pay me back
many times over later.
In the long term,
it's not a bad investment.
I suppose so.
Hyuk's father is the group's CEO
and his brother is a chief there.
Hyuk may look like that now.
Someday, he will be
someone big in that company.
Wow, Kwon Jae Hoon,
you really can think ahead.
Byun Hyuk, hey! Hurry up and come out.
How is Hyuk doing lately?
Has he contacted you, by chance?
I didn't want to say anything
in case Father worried.
Why? What is it?
Hyuk came to the company recently
and asked me for some money.
So, did you give him some?
- Why didn't you give him some?
- Hey!
The one thing he can't
live without is money.
He even went to his
older brother for money.
That must mean he's in
a dire situation, Honey.
I don't think that's it.
It seems he's fallen for some woman
and can't get his head on straight.
What? Hyuk has a new girlfriend?
What kind of woman?
I didn't ask him that.
You should've asked.
What kind of woman, how did they meet,
and what does she look like?
Be quiet.
What a pathetic fellow
to think of girls in this situation.
Father.
I think he needs more time to grow up.
Gosh. I just don't know.
Oh, that punk Jae Hoon.
When did he manage to take that out?
I just wanted to give Joon
a meal from the cafeteria.
Excuse me!
Today is the day
we shred and discard documents.
Thank you, then.
Wow!
Good work.
Look here, pretty pink lady.
I cleaned up all the documents,
so you can take a look.
Yes, thank you.
What are you doing?
Even if my job makes me
invisible to you...
when you take a person for their work,
you should look them in the face.
That is good manners
and the right thing to do, okay?
You and I are both people
getting paid and doing a job.
Also, you should watch
current events news.
Currents events news.
What is Section Chief Kwon is up to?
Excuse me.
Uh... thank you.
Do you really mean it?
- What?
- Are you really thankful?
Yes, well...
Then... please do me a favor.
What?
That.
What are these?
Can't you see? Meal tickets.
Yes, so what should we do with them?
What else? We should go eat.
A cafeteria meal. Let's go.
Did Kwon Jae Hoon
give you those meal tickets?
Hey, now. These are sacred meal tickets
that I earned through my hard work.
Still, you didn't need to do this.
Don't worry about it.
We're wearing invisibility cloaks,
so no one can see us, right?
You should've gotten some for Madam Ahn,
Mister Kim, and Mister Lee too.
Ah, I should have.
Nonetheless, I'll enjoy the meal.
Why aren't you eating?
Okay, let's eat. Eat up.
Hey!
What are you doing here?
Are you crazy?
Manager, what do you think you're doing?
Why are you eating out here?
Service workers are
not allowed in the cafeteria.
What kind of rule is that?
You can eat if you have a meal ticket.
Let go of me and talk.
Joon, don't worry about it, and eat.
Enough of the nonsense.
Get up now unless you want to get fired.
We got so many complaint calls
because of you two.
Complaint calls?
- From whom?
- Joon.
Who complained when
I was just eating my meal?
I told you to do it.
- Really, really?
- Someone believed that?
- That scoundrel.
- It's true.
If only that were true...
What's going on?
Is there a law that cleaning service
employees can't eat in here?
Is it in Gangsu Group's company rules?
Bring it out if it is.
Will you two be held responsible
if our contract is terminated?
A terminated contract
over this? How absurd.
We clean up everything
they make a mess out of.
But they won't eat a meal with us.
Who was it? Huh?
What is all this commotion about?
Father?
Father...
You.
You... you little punk.
What should we do?
Joon.
You punk.
What are you doing here, you punk?
Run!
You punks! Catch them!
Catch that punk right now!
Why are we running anyway?
I don't want you see me
get hit by my father.
This won't do, Joon.
Let's split up.
- What?
- We'll both get caught at this rate.
Let's split up.
You go there. I'll go there.
Let's both survive.
Let's go!
Young Master, Young Master, Young Master!
What? Hyuk is at the company?
Ah, that makes no sense.
Why would Hyuk be a cleaner?
I'm sure you saw wrong,
Sister-in-law.
He got caught by my brother
and he was running away.
The company was like a wasteland.
Oh, how embarrassing.
A household couldn't go
under this much embarrassment.
Oh, Hyuk. What is this all about?
So, has he been caught?
My goodness.
That rascal.
Only an ignorant person
would embarrass me like this.
How dare he without my permission?
That little jerk.
How dare he crawl...
into my company.
That punk... that bastard.
Let's wait and see.
What is this?
Huh? Oh my goodness.
Of all things...
Hey.
Who is this playing around?
It's me, Father.
Hyuk, it's you?
Yes, Father.
It's me... Hyuk.
You rascal. What are you doing there?
Please listen to me for now.
Then I'll give you
what you desperately need.
I'll give you this toilet paper.
You little...
What is it? Tell me quickly.
You said to me, Father...
Live according to my will
and how I want.
You told me to live like I wasn't
CEO Byun Gang Su's son.
That's why I came to work here on my own.
It's the first job I chose to work.
Still, you're going to come
when your father is relieving himself
and deal with me using toilet paper?
You don't have the right
to oppose me on this.
I'm a contract service employee.
You can't fire me...
CEO.
So, you're saying you're
going to keep cleaning?
At my company? In my building?
Yes, I am. I'm going to do it.
You little punk.
All right, all right. I got it.
Just give me that toilet paper.
Then, are you giving me permission?
I said just give me the toilet paper,
you little punk!
Then I'll assume
you've given me permission.
Oh yeah, there's one more thing.
Why, you little!
Let us eat meals in the company.
What?
Meals?
- Yes.
- Gosh.
- Enjoy your meal.
- Thanks.
Enjoy your meal.
I gave it to them
just like you taught me.
I did well, right?
It's nice having the support
of a third generation rich guy.
Of course, this is how you
use the connections you have.
I'll be a strong support for you.
Whenever you need.
Everything he's doing is because of you.
I'm certain he likes you.
There's no doubt about it.
Oh, that Ha Yeon Hee.
Why did she say that nonsense?
What?
That guy.
Well, I guess I am proud of him.
What do you mean, cleaning service?
You can't allow that.
Hyuk's case is still
under review by prosecutors.
There are many people watching.
How will you handle the news
if it leaves the company?
Huh? What?
Father?
That kid, my goodness.
It's so ridiculous,
the more I think about it.
Hyuk used this toilet paper here
to make a deal with me of all people.
Okay, make sure no one throws
this out and leave it here for now.
Let me see here.
Here we go.
One, two, three.
Hey, get in the picture too.
I guess that monk wasn't
completely wrong either.
Tell me the truth.
Did you know or not?
I didn't know. I'm sorry.
There's nothing more to say.
Get rid of Hyuk
from the company right now.
Put pressure on the cleaning company
or terminate the contract now!
I will do as you order.
However, if you want to know
what the CEO is thinking...
isn't is better to keep him close by
rather than sending him far away?
What?
That's just my opinion.
I will do as you wish, Chief.
Wait.
They do say that you should
keep your enemies close.
All right.
Since things worked out this way,
keep him close and watch him.
Make sure you don't get betrayed, okay?
Yes, I will do as you've ordered.
Oh, my legs hurt.
Joon, let's play rock, paper, scissors.
Why rock, paper, scissors suddenly?
Loser can give the other
a piggyback ride.
If you lose, you give me
If I lose, I give you a piggyback ride.
- It's not fun?
- Not at all.
Want a drink of soju?
How can you be so pretty
even when you drink?
How come you're doing the cleaning job?
Because I want to be with you.
You know that.
Oh, chicken gizzards.
Wow, Joon you are a true foodie.
Why is there so much food
I've never tried in the world?
Anyway, thank you
for the cafeteria meal today.
I'm the one whose thankful.
Remember what you said.
It's up the individual
to find their confidence.
Because of what you said,
for the first time in my life
I was able to ask my father
for what I wanted confidently.
Everyday that I spend with you
is so fresh and new.
Byun Hyuk.
Do you like me?
Yes.
Don't like me.
Huh?
I have no time to play around.
I'm busy just trying to
make a living every day.
I'm not someone who has nothing to do.
It's not that I like you
because I have nothing to do.
I'm serious.
Oh, my friend!
- My friend...
- I'll have an udon.
Okay.
Oh, now you're ignoring us?
What made that guy so twisted?
That's part of his charm.
Do you know what
his nickname was during school?
- Hey.
- Twisted Doughnut.
Twisted Doughnut.
Oh, hey, Twisted Doughnut.
Twisted Doughnut, you buy drinks since
you're in the Strategic Planning office.
Really? You transferred?
You must be happy.
Your path to success is open, bang bang.
All we do is, bang bang, unclog toilets.
What? What's wrong with
unclogging toilets?
Haven't you heard?
This is the beauty of unclogging.
- This is the beauty of unclogging?
- Yes.
You can't just do it with strength.
You need to put the plunger
in there and use your wrists.
Left, right, left, right.
Bong, bong, bong.
Get me to unclog
all toilets from now on.
I am the expert in toilet unclogging.
Unclogging a toilet.
Left, right, left, right.
Bong, bong, bong.
"Now is the time. Woo!"
Running toward the wind
that's calling for me.
Running toward the sky,
I throw my body.
Oh, the lights are on in 301.
The lights are on in 301.
- Someone must've moved in.
I hope it's a good looking man.
I hope it's a good look...
What?
I hope it's a pretty girl.
All the women in this building
are too tough.
Hey, what do you mean tough?
Hey, Twisted Doughnut!
She is pretty tough.
Wait up, friends!
Byun Hyuk.
Do you like me?
Jae Hoon, do you know what?
Earlier today,
Joon called me by my name.
She called me Byun Hyuk.
She always referred to me as
a "third generation rich guy."
She finally called me by my name.
There's a female cleaner
that Hyuk works with.
They ran away from
the cafeteria holding hands.
Find out who she is
and what kind of person she is.
Find out her relationship to Hyuk.
Yes, CEO.
Every day that I spend with you
is so fresh and new.
I'm serious.
It's not that I like you
because I have nothing to do.
Oh, so frustrating.
Oh, what do I do?
What do I do?
I already miss Joon.
Gosh... good night, Joon.
Oh, this is seriously driving me crazy.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Revolutionary Love]
I heard Hyuk was doing
a strange job at the company.
I came to see for myself.
Where is my Hyuk?
What? Cleaning the building exterior?
Is it the weird neighbor?
Is he interested in me?
Can Gangsu Group hire people
if they just feel like it?
You can eat in the cafeteria
if you feel like it too?
May I take care if it
before things get too noisy?
It seems like Hyuk is trying to
achieve something for once.
Let him be to see what he does.
Quit now. You'll never succeed,
no matter what you plan.
I'm going up against
my father and brother.
This is your fault.
Oh! Joon!